gemini-extension/README.md, before:

# Session Summary Chrome Extension

The Session & Knowledge Assistant is a Chrome extension designed to combat information overload and deepen user understanding. It operates in two modes: as a Session Assistant, it provides AI-powered summaries of browsing sessions and automatically organizes tabs; as a Knowledge Mapper, it generates self-expanding visual knowledge maps from any webpage. The extension transforms browsing chaos into structured, actionable knowledge.

## Setup and Installation

### 1. Build the extension
```sh
npm run build
```

### 2. Load the Extension in Chrome

1.  **Open Chrome Extensions Page**: Open your Chrome browser and navigate to `chrome://extensions`.
2.  **Enable Developer Mode**: In the top-right corner of the page, make sure the "Developer mode" toggle is switched on.
3.  **Load the Extension**: Click the **"Load unpacked"** button, navigate to the `gemini-extension/dist` directory, and select it.

Your extension is now installed and ready to use!

Commit message:

feat: Implement Material UI redesign, refactor App.tsx, add comments, and update documentation.

gemini-extension/README.md, after:

# Session Summary Chrome Extension

The Session Summary is a Chrome extension that helps you understand and organize your browsing sessions. By leveraging the power of Gemini, it provides AI-powered summaries of your open tabs and automatically groups them into relevant categories. This extension is designed to reduce information overload and transform browsing chaos into structured, actionable knowledge.

## Features

- **AI-Powered Summaries:** Get a quick overview of your browsing session with concise summaries generated by Gemini.
- **Automatic Tab Grouping:** Organize your tabs into logical groups based on their content, making it easier to manage your workspace.
- **Material UI Redesign:** A professional and modern user interface built with Google Material UI for an enhanced user experience.
- **Interactive Accordion UI:** View your categorized tabs in a clean, expandable accordion interface.
- **Performance Monitoring:** See the time taken to group your tabs, providing insight into the extension's performance.
- **Customizable Prompts:** Guide the summarization and grouping process with your own prompts to get the most relevant results.
- **Local Language Model:** The extension uses a local language model, ensuring your data stays private and secure.
- **Knowledge Mapping:** Generate self-expanding visual knowledge maps from any webpage to explore topics and discover new connections (coming soon).

## Setup and Installation

### 1. Build the extension
```sh
npm run build
```

### 2. Load the Extension in Chrome

1.  **Open Chrome Extensions Page**: Open your Chrome browser and navigate to `chrome://extensions`.
2.  **Enable Developer Mode**: In the top-right corner of the page, make sure the "Developer mode" toggle is switched on.
3.  **Load the Extension**: Click the **"Load unpacked"** button, navigate to the `gemini-extension/dist` directory, and select it.

Your extension is now installed and ready to use!
